---
layout: post
title: "A Look Back at 2014 (and ahead to 2015)"
date: 2014-12-30 10:20
tags: health reading productivity
comments: true
---
This year has been an interesting one. I got engaged, changed [jobs](http://queuedr.com), vacationed in Greece,
and spent my first full year in our new home. While that all seems like the making of some impossibly wonderful 
year, it sure had its downfalls as well. I nearly cut off my right index finger(long story), gained back almost all the weight
I lost in the previous year, and reverted back to my _couch potato_ lifestyle. It's amazing the negative effect
on my overall mood, drive, and productivity sitting on the couch and eating junk takes. I'm a much better person
overall when I get up early, exercise, and eat right. 

As cliché as it is, my overall **health** is the first thing I need to work on next year. It's just too important to
ignore(and even more so as someone who works remotely). If I'm not energized and feeling good, my code and other 
work suffers. I already worked on my first step towards that by signing up for a 
[5k in March](http://smuttynose-palooza.com/), which will just be one of many runs and triathlons I plan on doing 
next year. Having races scheduled will help give me motivation to get out the door every day and start my day
the right way.

Next on the list is my lack of **reading and study**. I'd like to read a few books for once in my life! I'm taking a 
few suggestions from a friend, but I'm open to more options. I'll split my time between fiction and reference books 
that can up my technical skills. I'm most likely going to drop a few productivity gems in there to keep me on
task and efficient.

That leads to the final thing I'd like to work on this year is my overall **productivity**. It's not to say I'm not
productive, but I know I can be better. I've already taken steps to get better, including working at the 
[coworking space](http://www.haverhillcoworking.com/) a few minutes down the road and writing anything that 
comes to mind in [Evernote](http://evernote.com). Hopefully, my changes in fitness and studies get me down the
right road towards overall productivity as well.

That's it for now, I wish everyone the best in their adventures in the new year!
